Best International Schools in Bareilly
 
B. L. International School is the Top Schools of Uttar Pradesh. They should be provided intensive all-round education that leads to responsive and responsible citizenship, a finely ingrained attitude of service before self. There lies genius in every individual and every child is special. The problem and the solution, both lie first, in identifying the hidden genius in every individual a special individual’ is not a new one, and neither any endeavors in may be taken or the previous step that may have been taken.
B L International School in Bareilly is one of the premier institutions. The School is committed to providing a world-class education with excellence and equity to empower each student to reach his or her highest potential. best International Schools in  Bareilly
Our School values the history of our schools and community. We support the personal and intellectual success of each student. Our graduates will be productive and well informed citizens. To Educate, Develop and Inspire Children from diverse back Grounds, to empower them to achieve their highest academic and Creative potential, essential for success and leadership, while embracing ethical values and creating a peaceful world community. top 10 international school in bareilly
To impart Comprehensive, Holistic Education to children, to facilitate them to be self-reliant while reinforcing the tenets of heritage and priceless values. The school started in a humble way with just 2 small rented rooms. Today we can boast of having three large buildings sprawling over thousand feet of covered area. 

B L International School is from PNC to Class KG. The best of the Montessori, Kindergarten and Play way methods are dovetailed and adapted to meet the needs of their age group and social environment. Lot of emphasis is laid on extra-curricular activities.  Top Schools of Bareilly Uttar Pradesh
B L International School is from Class I to XII (Science & Commerce) and is affiliated to CBSE, Delhi. Innovative methods of teaching incorporating the use of visual and audio-visual aids are implemented to make teaching more meaningful and interesting. Computer Education, Dance, Music, Art and Physical Education form an important part of the school curriculum.
B L International School is affiliated to CBSE Board and is running classes from VI to XII of Humanities, Science and Commerce. It is recognized as one of the Best CBSE schools in Bareilly of the town producing outstanding results in Classes X and XII. The aim of the school is to promote a system of integral education in a congenial child-friendly environment that emphasizes the unity of all knowledge, synthesizes humanity and sciences, and recognizes the fact that each child is unique. B.L International School is one the best school in Bareilly.

CONTACT US
B.L International School
Address : NH 24, C.B.Ganj, Near Amrapali Mall Bareilly-(U.P.) India
Pin.Code  :243502
Mobile No.  :+(91)-8057121000,8006015016
Email : blinternationalschool@gmail.com
Website  : www.blisbly.in

Follow Us On:- 
Facebook:- https://www.facebook.com/BLinternationalSchoolBly
Instagram:- https://www.instagram.com/blischool
Google Listing:-  https://goo.gl/maps/PBSnxiTiifscERP5A


Tags: bareilly schools,cbse School in Bareilly,Top Schools of Bareilly Uttar Pradesh,top 20 schools in Bareilly,top ranked school in Bareilly,top school in Bareilly,Top 50 CBSE Schools in Bareilly
